No
Don't talk like that
Go away.
Can't you see I'm talking to a girl?
Ignore him. Go ahead.
Mr. Huo.
No wonder I've never heard of it.
Miss, have you really never heard of my name?
I only heard
I only heard of Shangguan Bao.
and Wu Zhen.
I don't know anyone else.
Have you heard of Shangguan Bao?
It's not fresh at all.
How many years has he been working here?
Wu Zhen...
He's only been up the mountain for a few days.
Who told you that?
It's none of your business.
Tell me.
Why did you come all the way to Luoyang?
We're just out for a walk.
Since you're just here for a walk,
there's no need to say anything.
Miss, have a seat.
To be honest,
It's Wu Zhen
Wu Zhen from Heihu Mountain
came to Luoyang
to Luoyang
in Luoyang.
vaccine.
What vaccine?
The three of us are his elders.
We can't let the youngsters risk their lives here.
We just watch.
So we want to help him.
We just want to help him.
and give the Japanese a headache.
I heard that the Japanese promised to give you some medicine.
You know that?
Did you get vaccines?
What vaccine?
vaccine.
Where are those pills?
You mean the medicine, right?
They told us
at the South Bay of Luo He.
Let us get it tomorrow morning.
Be careful.
Don't hurt yourself.
Watch out.
Why are you so blind?
You bastard!
What should we do?
You...
This is my porcelain.
Why are you so careless?
Don't be angry, Master.
Look at this.
You bastard!
Do you know how valuable this is?
Your life is not as valuable as it is, you know?
I'll fine you a year's salary, dad.
My porcelain.
You can't do this.
Get up.
It's none of your business.
Go back to your room and study.
Dad, how will they pay
how will they pay you back?
Besides,
I can buy a vase
I can afford it.
Go back to your room and study.
Father, let me read Confucius and Mencius.
Don't forget.
Don't be greedy.
Why do you need so much money?
You punk.
How dare you lecture me?
Go back to your room and study.
Master, the photographer you hired is here.
Hello, Master
It's okay.
Let me tell you.
It's important today. Stop it.
Okay?
Be careful later. Okay.
Son.
Son
This is a photographer.
I brought you a photo.
Tomorrow is your birthday.
Take some photos.
No. Go back to your room and study.
Listen.
It's not easy to invite
It cost a lot of money.
Besides,
I haven't taken a photo with you for a long time.
Sure, I can take a photo.
But from now on,
make things difficult for the servants.
Okay.
I'll listen to you.
What happened just now is over.
Come on, take a photo.
Young master, come closer.
Look here.
One, two, three.
Have you had vaccines before?
I did.
Where?
A few Japanese were beaten up by us.
So you don't know
where the origin came from?
We don't know.
Do you know Fengpo Ridge?
Yes.
They put the nurtured recipes there.
When the time is right,
when the time is right.
Besides,
forcing them
to Shanzhou.
Since it's a well-developed recuperation,
where did they
where did they cultivate them?
I don't know.
I really don't know.
These things
to the Chinese.
Go catch another Japanese.
Okay.
Wang 12, didn't you hear me?
Go catch another Japanese.
I...
Go.
No wonder
died a few days after.
So the injection they injected is called mice virus.
Rat plague is a very contagious virus.
It's contagious to those who didn't get injections.
Everyone's physical condition is different.
Some people will get sick soon.
Some have to take some time.
You said that the vaccine won't get infected?
The vaccine is just a prevention drug.
If the vaccine has been injected,
or infected,
There's nothing we can do.
Looks like even if we can get out,
even if we can get out.
The vaccine is the purpose
to come here?
We've been in Luoyang for a while.
but we still haven't found the storage point of the vaccine.
I observed it carefully.
Two cars come every three days.
One is for raising.
I don't know what the other one is.
But then another batch of Japanese soldiers will come.
Japanese soldiers.
They should be here to receive vaccines.
If that's the case,
there should be vaccines in that car.
Since we can't live anymore,
we'll do our best to get the vaccine
and keep the people outside safe.
We deserve to die.
Yang.
I'm in charge of Luoyang underground party.
A dozen of us were arrested.
There's also one in the prison in the city.
Those bastards!
I knew you wouldn't give in,
I'll kill you in this way.
If I can deliver the vaccine successfully,
I'll try to save those comrades.
After observing,
I found that we are the same.
The car will be here tomorrow.
Let's hurry up
and see what to do.
Tell me.
Where did you cultivate your pathogens?
I don't know.
What about now?
I really don't know.
Other than the staff of the Staff Department and the Special Class,
even the sergeant doesn't know.
You must be tired.
Let's go for a walk.
We need to inform our comrades
to cancel tomorrow's plan.
What plan?
The people hiding here
used a trick to expose the place where the patient is detained.
But now it seems
it's a trap.
I don't understand.
Didn't you just say
the devil asked you to go to the South Bay
to get the medicine tomorrow?
Yes.
The origin we found
is also on the South Bay of Luo He.
That's just a place.
Brother.
Done.
It's all settled.
You don't even know that place.
How could I tell you so easily?
If they created bacteria there,
there must be medicine.
It's reasonable for us to go.
I haven't introduced them yet. Who are they?
I'm Wang Shi-12, head of Chun Li Ravine.
This is Mr. Meng, the head of Tianchi Mountain.
Miss.
I told you everything about us.
Who are you then?
I came with Wu Zhen.
Where is Wu Zhen now?
He and Shangguan Ying are outside Luoyang City.
That kid is quite smart.
I let you in.
but he was outside with Miss Leng.
Bad news! Someone fainted!
Hurry up.
You two.
You two move it out.
Hurry.
Yes.
Tell me, which one is vaccine?
This is the vaccine.
How did you know?
The injection I gave him
He was overreacted.
It means it's a virus.
This must be the vaccine.
Look for it.
This is it.
You two.
remove the medicine.
Someone will use it later.
Understand?
Didn't you understand what I said?
Remove the medicine.
Yes.
Get in.
Are they all dead?
They used their lives
with their lives.
Are you afraid
Are you scared?
Of course.
Before going to the battlefield,
everyone would be scared.
When the enemy comes to you,
The dagger is shaking your eyes.
You can even hear the sound of
and cut the bones.
When you see your comrade collapse,
you will find fear is useless.
When you decide to fight the enemy,
you'll forget everything around you.
including fear.
People don't go to the battlefield because they are brave.
They become brave
I became brave.
You are very brave today.
This is my first time on the battlefield.
But from now on,
I will fight the devil with you.
What are we going to do next?
You have to send the vaccine back to the fortress.
I'm going to Luoyang.
Aren't you going back with me?
I have something important to do.
Did you forget Yang said
some comrades
are locked up in the prison of Luoyang.
So I have to find a way to save them.
I'll go with you.
After that,
we'll bring the vaccine back to the fortress.
No.
This vaccine is very important.
We can't delay any longer.
I can't let you go alone.
Eagle, listen to me.
Have you forgotten?
how those underground party and people
sent us out today?
If we can't
the vaccine,
they will die in vain.
I'm sure you don't want that to happen.
But I want to help you.
I know how you feel.
But now,
sending the vaccine back
is the best help for me.
Sir, are we going back to Shaanxi?
Let me show you a good show.
Let's go.
Okay.
But you have to promise me
After you save him,
you must come back immediately.
Okay?
If I can't come back,
you can contact my superior here.
There's no "what if". I don't want what if.
I just want you to come back.
Eagle, take it.
I don't want it. Be good.
Take it.
Here.
I took this out
I took it out myself.
I promise you.
I'll be back.
I'll wait for you.
I'll wait.
Major.
The Japanese
bombing this place with cannons?
That's right.
The Japanese cannons
are five kilometers away.
Once we do it,
they'll fire at any time.
But aren't their men here?
They are baits.
Once we enter the ambush circle,
they will become ashes with us.
These demons are really vicious.
Not only did they kill the Chinese,
but also their own compatriots.
The plague they created is not a good thing.
They deserve to die.
We'll attack the manufacturing factory later.
We'll leave after a few shots.
These are signals.
Since they tried so hard to entertain us,
we'll give them a big gift.
Hey, Twelve.
What are you doing?
I'm afraid the devil will show up
and catch us off guard.
I was afraid they wouldn't come.
After staying in the city for so long,
I've been itching for a long time.
I'm about to eat meat.
Twelve.
Look at Cai Zhen.
is good at both literature and martial arts.
He's not single, and he has many ideas.
If I could come up with this plan,
If I can marry her,
I won't change it even if it's for the emperor.
Fire!
Where are you shooting?
Over there.
Finally!
Brothers, although this devil is a foreign gun and cannons,
but in the mountains,
the world of swordsmen.
Grab your weapons.
Let's go.
Hit!
Put the gun down.
Play with me.
When I was playing swords,
your grandmother hasn't been hired yet.
Brother, we're rich!
Okay.
Brother
A group of Japanese soldiers is here. Shall we withdraw?
No.
Don't leave it to the Japanese.
Step back, all of you.
Go. Run.
Go. Hurry.
Run!
Who are you? Get off.
Young Lady Zhen Zhu, you're finally back.
I'm fine.
Where's Wu Zhen?
He has something else to do.
He asked me to bring the vaccine back.
They're all in the car.
Take a box to Choi Moon-Kui.
Give it to them.
Wu Zhen said
only they can find out
whether this medicine is real or not.
Okay, I'll get ready.
I'm on my way.
What about the brothers with the plague?
What happened?
Many brothers died.
According to the doctor,
we burned their bodies.
Let's go.
Turn around.
Go.
Brother.
Aren't we done with this?
Why don't we withdraw the valley?
Why are we still going to the county?
Why are we running around?
You don't know?
Kill the Japanese devil
and avenge the people of Shanzhou.
12th Brother, you're only half right.
When did our boss ever do a losing business?
It must be for Ms. Chae Jin-Chae.
You're quite smart.
I told you to look after my wife.
What do you take my wife for?
Listen.
I'll teach you a lesson
I'll teach you a lesson.
Brother.
Is that Tian?
Why is he here?
That boy.
Isn't this Mr. He's son?
Zheng Xiong Tian Yuan
is full of tricks.
I get angry when I see him.
Find a chance to kill him.
While there are fewer people,
I'll make it for him now.
I'll do it when no one is around.
Okay.
Follow me.
Young Master of Qinglong Fortress.
Wu Zhen?
Why is he here?
What should we do?
Let's catch him first.
Okay.
What are you doing in Fuyang
at this time?
I don't want to talk. It's okay.
I believe you'll tell me everything
you'll tell me everything.
Take him away.
Brigade Commander.
These are the mice vaccines.
There are too few.
That's not all, right?
Of course not.
What about the rest?
back to Black Tiger Mountain.
What do you mean?
Take the vaccine back to Black Tiger Mountain.
It's possible to take it out.
But if we enter Shanzhou,
it'll be hard to spit it out again.
Are you playing dirty with me?
How about this?
Go back and tell Wu Zhen.
I'll give him one day
to get all the vaccines back.
I'll pretend nothing happened.
Fine.
Then let me take the military doctor back
and give everyone the injection.
I'll give you the rest.
You have no right to bargain with me here.
I admit it.
Although I took so many guns,
I'm still no match for you.
But it's not hard
It's not hard to destroy all the vaccines.
Fly on time. Listen carefully.
So many of your army brothers
waiting for this batch of medicine.
You want to eat humans?
Brigade Commander Cui, take your time.
We're not in a hurry.
Brigade Commander, say it.
The legal executive of Qinglong Fortress is here.
Tian.
Tian what?
Look, I'm not mistaken.
We're waiting for your news.
Why are you shopping here?
That’s not enough.
Isn’t he the son-in-law of Qinglong Fortress?
What law is this?
He pointed a gun at this.
Mr. Huo, what a coincidence.
Please ask
why the young master of Qinglong Camp
come to Fuyang City at this time?
Yes.
What are you doing here?
Ms. Huo.
Leader wants to discuss something with you.
So he asked me to invite you back.
Great.
We're tired of staying here.
Just give us all the medicine.
We'll go back. We won't bother you.
What?
Didn't anyone tell you where to get the medicine?
No.
Someone told us.
But then again,
someone told us
Fuyang City is so big.
We can't find a place.
You came at the right time.
Please guide me.
Thank you for coming.
Mr. Huo.
I'm really busy with work.
How about I...
Don't move.
Major, don't move.
He Zheng!
What are you doing?
My brother doesn't trust you. Let's go.
Someone told me
you wanted to set us up.
What do you mean?
That man told me
you changed the medicine.
And you're holding a cannon.
He wants to kick us out.
We are all fat.
Can we stop the cannons?
Luckily, my brother is smart.
He told me there's no suffocating urine.
There's no cannon that can't be stopped.
You're right.
As long as you're here,
we'll be safe.
Thank you. Come with us.
Brother, stop talking to him.
Kill him now.
Bastard!
This is not the time to kill him.
It's easier for us to leave the city if we keep him.
That's right.
Let's go.
Please.
Take him with you.
Let's go, He Zheng.
What's wrong, He Zheng?
I'm fine.
Let's get out of here first.
Let's go.
Papi.
Brigade Commander Cui.
Fly on the boat. You...
Why are you here?
The head of Black Tiger Mountain and Miss Leng
went to Luoyang
and got a lot of medicine.
Okay.
Nini go out and play
When did you come
I've been here for a while.
Did he say anything?
Nothing.
[The 30th Army.]
Why don't you go back to Black Tiger Mountain?
Only Brigade Commander Cui
only Brigade Commander Cui has them.
So I brought some to check.
Maybe it's about the medicine.
The 30th Army...
It depends.
Okay.
It's all true.
It's true.
What about Madam and Miss Leng?
They will go back after they finish their work.
Good job.
Brigade Commander Cui.
Do we have a condition to exchange now?
We're done.
I thought you came all the way
to talk about your family.
You want to bargain with me?
Actually,
asked me to send you a message.
Let me tell you, all these years,
it makes sense
That makes sense.
Leader also said
as long as you focus on fighting the Japanese,
Don't spend all your time
on dealing with Communist Party
and our swordsmen.
Leader is willing to pay
to expand your armaments.
First,
I don't think I'm going against you swordsmen.
Second,
I’m not short of money.
Madam knew you would say that.
You are not short of money.
But Jang Gong-yeon...
and the commander.
They need money.
Since you want to keep the position of Brigade Commander,
if you want to be promoted,
you will definitely
this money.
Mr. Shangguan spent so much money.
What is he up to?
Brigade Commander Cui.
Don't pretend to be nice.
I only have money.
And now you're adding medicine.
You've made a fortune.
Yeah.
Youqian.
He even gave me medicine.
Captain Zhu. Yes.
Take the army doctor
to the mountain with you.
Yes.
Captain Joo.
Thank you so much.
This disease is too fierce.
Yes.
It's all up to the military doctor.
Captain Zhu.
Is this Mr. He?
No, it's Mr. He's residence.
He's right.
What? You know him?
No wonder it's so grand.
Before Brigade Commander Cui came,
before Brigade Commander Cui came.
Who wrote this code name?
It can't be a coincidence.
Someone must know
I've done something for the Japanese.
Actor table.
Lee Seung-yup.
and actors.
Yu Hongda Tian Guofeng Gong Fan Cheng Kai
Yue Wang Yang Ziyi Tian Chenzhe Deng Kai Mei Liangdong.
Sun Zhaoqi, Li Shengchung, Yang Haoyu, Zhou Chaoyang
to perform.
Zhang Hongbo Gong Jian Feng, Sun Haochun from Li Kai Wu Village.
Liu, Tong, Wang, Liu Jiawen, Sun, Jin. Wang Yukun.
Huhe Wu Jianyu Zhang Guangyan Sun Yuanwen Chang
Shou Chen Yao jungle competition.
Qin Haosen, Liu Mingjun, Zhang Liangliang, Lin Nan, Liu...
Du Geng Geng.
Li Jinyang, Zhang Jianing, Liu Rong Qi, Wang Shusheng.
Staff table.
Director team.
The production team.
Photography team.
Lighting Team.
Tian Shuizhou.
The clothing team.
Han Yuchao.
The dressing team.
Art team.
Props team.
Set team.
Action team.
Fireworks.
The gun team.
The recording team.
The venue team.
Driver team.
Wei Zidian Qiao Chunsheng Yang Tao Chen Jianfen Jiang Jiping
Li Zhenmin, Dou Xingbin, Wei Ran Jia, Zong Changshun Rong Xi.
Zhang Chenggui, Su Mingxin, Liu Hongxing, Di Yuping Xu Guanglle.
Chen Jianqi, Zhang Kunwu, Jin, Zhang Rong Li Zhang Changchang.
Teng Tie Yan, Xu Ian, Zhang Chou Qiang, Yang Yijiang
Song Yongqiang, Wang Daxiong, Yang Ziguang, Zhang Jianping
Yang Shuli, Chen Yongsheng, Liu Junfeng, Liu Fu Min
Yang Soori, Jin Yongsheng,
Cut.
LilStar.
Late production.
ZMCG.
Beijing Zhuma Chenguang Culture Co., Ltd.
Ma Jun Nan.
Chen Mingjun.
Voice actor.
Zhou Xiangning.
Zhang Ruobing.
Music Producer
Cheng, Spear.
Theme song, Hero.
Thank you, Mr. Wang Xiao, for the title of this drama.
Thank you.
Shandong Blumund Red Film Club. [National 4A Scene Area]
Henan Juntong Car Co., Ltd.
Jintang Jun Kin.
The Public Government of Shanzhou District
The People's Government of Xizhang Village, Shanzhou District
Shanzhou District, Temple, Village Cave Scene.
[Seobu Village Committee of Lingbao City]
The village committee of Shanzhou District,
Jiangzhou Zhou Jiajun Co., Ltd.
legal consultant service unit.
He Nan Lu Da Law Firm.
Legal consultant Zhu Yongpeng.
Special cooperation unit.
There are three Municipal Committee in total.
There are three gates in total.
The People's Government
The PR Department of the Municipal Committee
The Commission of Shanzhou
Shanzhou District.
The Commissioner of Qiantong County.
The People's Government of Wenji County.
Henan Henan Boutique Co., Ltd.
Shanzhou Tunnel Cultural Responsibility Company.
Sanmen Cultural Tourism Investment Group.
Yang Tingxuan.
The guidance unit.
Learning to strengthen our country.
The circulation unit.
Qijin (Xiamen) Cultural Media Co., Ltd.
Control unit.
[Henan Movie Development Co., Ltd.]
[Henan Sandao Movie Development Co., Ltd.]
[Joint Film Co., Ltd.]
[Joint filming unit]
The PR Department of Gansu Provincial Committee
Henan Provincial Radio Station.
Henan Provincial Literature and Arts Association.
Henan Film and TV Group Co., Ltd.
Qijin (Xiamen) Cultural Media Co., Ltd.
Gansu Lanyi Culture Co., Ltd.
Beijing Times, Yishi Cultural Technology Co., Ltd.
Hebei Army Cultural Media Co., Ltd.
Product unit.
Henan Elephant Film and TV Production Co., Ltd.
Qijin (Quanzhou) Cultural Media Co., Ltd.
[Henan 3 Daodong Watery Culture Development Co., Ltd.]
Zhang Bing will be rewarded first.